README.md, before:

# Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard
The objective of this project is to create a comprehensive Supply Chain Management (SCM) Dashboard using Tableau. This dashboard will help monitor and optimize various aspects of the supply chain, including inventory levels, order fulfillment, supplier performance, transportation efficiency, and overall supply chain costs.
# summary 
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/9836a4dd4c17bc36693260a549f75c4959240dc7/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172734.png)
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/f7fd805854a5d97dcbce47103f4cb7f0b1ed4c14/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172750.png)
# visualization of the report on the supply chain
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172906.png) 
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172951.png)
#link for Tablue dashboard 
[Supply Chain Management Dashboard 1 New.twbx](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Supply%20Chain%20Management%20Dashboard%201%20New.twbx)
[Supply chain management dashboard 2.twbx](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/45258a0beb40b790d7ce7e508cffc34d39f723c6/Supply%20chain%20management%20dashboard%202.twbx)

Commit message:

Update README with technology and visualization sections

README.md, after:

# Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard
The objective of this project is to create a comprehensive Supply Chain Management (SCM) Dashboard using Tableau. This dashboard will help monitor and optimize various aspects of the supply chain, including inventory levels, order fulfillment, supplier performance, transportation efficiency, and overall supply chain costs.
## Technology Used
  Power Bi, Tableau
## summary 
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/9836a4dd4c17bc36693260a549f75c4959240dc7/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172734.png)
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/f7fd805854a5d97dcbce47103f4cb7f0b1ed4c14/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172750.png)
## visualization of the report on the supply chain
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172906.png) 
![image alt](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Screenshot%202026-01-18%20172951.png)
#link for Tablue dashboard 
[Supply Chain Management Dashboard 1 New.twbx](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/e1d8c67c9a1c8fbb81eac9e47d02ce8d2794ff45/Supply%20Chain%20Management%20Dashboard%201%20New.twbx)
[Supply chain management dashboard 2.twbx](https://github.com/shwetachavan555/Supply-Chain-Management-Dashboard/blob/45258a0beb40b790d7ce7e508cffc34d39f723c6/Supply%20chain%20management%20dashboard%202.twbx)
